DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/reports/other-performance-analysis/weekly-performance-report.mdx

  - APM
  - Reports
  - Other performance analysis

> metaDescription: 'For APM, you can receive a weekly performance summary report via email.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: For APM, you can receive a weekly performance summary report via email.
```
